README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

## Netflix GPT

-created React app-netflix-gpt
-configured Tailwindcss
-Header
-routing of app
-login form
-Sign up Form
-form validation
-(useRef hook)
-firebase setup
-Deploying app to production
-create Sign up user account
-implement signin user
-created redux store with userSlice
-implemented sign out
-update profile
-fetch from tmdb movies

# features:

-Login/SignUp page
-Sign In/ Sign in form
-redirects to browse page

-Browse (after authentication)
-header
-Main movie
-Trailer in Background - Title & Description
-Movie Suggestion
-Movies lists \* N

-NetflixGPT
-search bar

- Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

updated store with movie data main container and sec con fetch data for trailer video&& updated store with trailer video&& embedded the youtube video and made it autoplay&& tailwind class

README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

## Netflix GPT

-created React app-netflix-gpt
-configured Tailwindcss
-Header
-routing of app
-login form
-Sign up Form
-form validation
-(useRef hook)
-firebase setup
-Deploying app to production
-create Sign up user account
-implement signin user
-created redux store with userSlice
-implemented sign out
-update profile
-fetch from tmdb movies
-bug fixing: redirecting user login and logout
-unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChange callback
-registered in tmdb and created an account ,api ,docs and got now playing movies list data in browse page
created movieslice
updated store with movie data
main container and sec con
fetch data for trailer video
updated store with trailer video
embedded the youtube video and made it autoplay
tailwind class

# features:

-Login/SignUp page
-Sign In/ Sign in form
-redirects to browse page

-Browse (after authentication)
-header
-Main movie
-Trailer in Background - Title & Description
-Movie Suggestion
-Movies lists \* N

-NetflixGPT
-search bar

- Movie Suggestions
